docs/architecture.md, before:

# Architecture

Varnish operator consists of multiple components working together to operate a Varnish clusters.

#### CustomResourceDefinition
CustomResourceDefinition extends Kubernetes with a `VarnishCluster` resource that describes your Varnish instances being deployed. You would define a resource of Kind `VarnishCluster` and specify all the relevant specs needed to define your the Varnish cluster (backends being cached, service port that exposes Varnish instances, VCL configuration, cpu/memory requests and limits, etc.). 

`VarnishCluster` spec fields are described in the [VarnishCluster configuration](varnish-cluster-configuration.md) section.

#### Varnish Operator
The Varnish Operator is an application deployed into your cluster that knows how to react to the `VarnishCluster` resource. Meaning, this application watches for new or changed `VarnishCluster`s and handles the actual underlying infrastructure. It must be running at all times in the cluster and it usually lives in its own namespace away from your application. It is built using the [Kubebuilder SDK](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder).

You can [configure](operator-configuration.md) the Varnish Operator via its Helm chart.

#### Varnish container image

The container image is custom built with a few components built-in - Varnish, Varnish-Controller, and the Prometheus metrics exporter. The operator doesn't support arbitrary Varnish images due to additional components needed for the operator to function.

![Varnish cluster diagram](varnish-cluster.png)

##### Varnish

The Varnish process itself. Currently only Varnish version `6.1.1` is supported.

##### Varnish-Controller

Varnish-Controller is a process that runs along with every Varnish instance in the same container. It watches the resources needed to build the VCL configuration (ConfigMap with VCL files, backend pods, Varnish pods) and rebuilds it every time it notices a change.

##### Prometheus metrics exporter

The container also includes a [Prometheus metrics exporter](https://github.com/jonnenauha/prometheus_varnish_exporter) process for Varnish instances. The Service port it is listening on is configurable in the [VarnishCluster spec](varnish-cluster-configuration.md).

Commit message:

193 split pod to individual containers (#245)
* Update startup scripts

* Build docker image with varnishd and modules only

* Build docker image for varnish-controller. It contains only required binaries and libraries

* Build docker image for metrics-exporter. It contains only required binaries and libraries

*  WIP ! Hardcoded pod configuration with 3 containers. One per process for varnishd, varnish-controller and metrics-exporter

* Update Docker images

* Make it buildable with predefined constants and readiness probes

* Add controller and metrics into the Varnish cluster specification

* Use controller's and metric's specific options to configure StatefulSet for a VarnishCluster

* Update generated specs

* No RestartPolicy for sidecar's containers. It is  pod wide

* Support images tags

* Remove unnecessary supervisord config

* The sample of varnish cluster configuration  with commented sidecar container's definitions

* Update Makefile to manage individual varnish and sidecar's images

* Remove unnecessary all-in-one Docker image for varnish pod

* Update Jenkinsfile to build new pod's images

* Update development documentation

* Update VarnishCluster configuration document with new object descriptions for Varnish controller and Varnish metrics exporter

* Update architecture specific documentation and varnish cluster chart picture

* Upgrade final images OS for better security

* Rename varnish controller container. Add validation for ImagePullPolicy

* Make Controller and MetricsExporter to be VarnishClusterVarnish's subobjects

* Regenerate specifications

* Rename default Varnish metrics exporter Docker image to 'varnish-metrics-exporter'

* Update sample varnish cluster configuration yaml file

* Update configuration and development documentation

docs/architecture.md, after:

# Architecture

Varnish operator consists of multiple components working together to operate a Varnish clusters.

#### CustomResourceDefinition
CustomResourceDefinition extends Kubernetes with a `VarnishCluster` resource that describes your Varnish instances being deployed. You would define a resource of Kind `VarnishCluster` and specify all the relevant specs needed to define your the Varnish cluster (backends being cached, service port that exposes Varnish instances, VCL configuration, cpu/memory requests and limits, etc.). 

`VarnishCluster` spec fields are described in the [VarnishCluster configuration](varnish-cluster-configuration.md) section.

#### Varnish Operator
The Varnish Operator is an application deployed into your cluster that knows how to react to the `VarnishCluster` resource. Meaning, this application watches for new or changed `VarnishCluster`s and handles the actual underlying infrastructure. It must be running at all times in the cluster and it usually lives in its own namespace away from your application. It is built using the [Kubebuilder SDK](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder).

You can [configure](operator-configuration.md) the Varnish Operator via its Helm chart.

#### Varnish Cluster's pod

The `VarnishCluster` resource contains a Kubernetes pod definition as a part. There are three containers available inside the pod. Each container is responsible for a specific task. The main Varnish container runs varnish process itself. Two sidecars containers are responsible for metrics export in Prometheus format and internal Kubernetes communications to control the Varnish instance.

The containers share specific volumes for the varnish configuration and work directory. Only one container is configured to write to specific shared volume.

![Varnish cluster pod](varnish-cluster.png)

##### Varnish

The Varnish process itself. Currently only Varnish version `6.1.1` is supported. The operator doesn't support arbitrary Varnish images due to additional components needed for the operator to function. The container image is custom built with varnish and varnish modules preinstalled.

##### Varnish-Controller

Varnish-Controller is a process which watches the resources needed to build the VCL configuration (ConfigMap with VCL files, backend pods, Varnish pods) and prepares configurations updates rebuilds every time it notices a change. It notifies varnish to apply changes when they are ready.

##### Prometheus metrics exporter

The pod also includes a [Prometheus metrics exporter](https://github.com/jonnenauha/prometheus_varnish_exporter) process image for Varnish instances. The Service port it is listening on is configurable in the [VarnishCluster spec](varnish-cluster-configuration.md).
