docs/varnish-cluster-configuration.md, before:

# VarnishCluster Configuration

| Field                                              | Description                                                                                                                                                                                     | Is Required |
|----------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------|
| `vcl                                             ` | An object that defines the [VCL ConfigMap configuration](vcl-configuration.md)                                                                                                                  | `required`  |
| `vcl.configMapName                               ` | Name of the ConfigMap containing the VCL configuration files                                                                                                                                    | `required`  |
| `vclConfgiMap.entrypointFileName                 ` | The name of the main VCL file                                                                                                                                                                   | `required`  |
| `varnish                                         ` | An object that defines the configuration of a particular Varnish instance being deployed                                                                                                        | `optional`  |
| `varnish.image                                   ` | Path to the Varnish image being used                                                                                                                                                            | `optional`  |
| `varnish.imagePullPolicy                         ` | Image pull policy for the Varnish container. Default: `Always`                                                                                                                                  | `optional`  |
| `varnish.imagePullSecret                         ` | The name of the image pull secret to use to pull container images                                                                                                                               | `optional`  |
| `varnish.restartPolicy                           ` | Restart policy for the containers. Default: `Always`                                                                                                                                            | `optional`  |
| `varnish.args                                    ` | Additional [Varnish daemon arguments](https://varnish-cache.org/docs/trunk/reference/varnishd.html#options)                                                                                     | `optional`  |
| `varnish.resources                               ` | [Resource requests and limits](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/#resource-requests-and-limits-of-pod-and-container) for Varnish container.  | `optional`  |
| `varnish.controller                              ` | An object that defines the configuration of a particular Varnish controller being deployed                                                                                                      | `optional`  |
| `varnish.controller.image                        ` | Path to the Varnish Controller image being used. If not defined uses `varnish.image`+`-controller` suffix. Something like `varnish-controller`                                                  | `optional`  |
| `varnish.controller.imagePullPolicy              ` | Image pull policy for the container. Default: `Always`                                                                                                                                          | `optional`  |
| `varnish.controller.resources                    ` | [Resource requests and limits](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/#resource-requests-and-limits-of-pod-and-container) for Varnish controller container. | `optional`  |
| `varnish.metricsExporter                         ` | An object that defines the configuration of a particular Varnish Prometheus metrics exporter being deployed                                                                                     | `optional`  |
| `varnish.metricsExporter.image                   ` | Path to the Varnish Metrics exporter image being used. If not defined uses `varnish.image`+`-metrics-exporter` suffix. Something like `varnish-metrics-exporter`                                | `optional`  |
| `varnish.metricsExporter.imagePullPolicy         ` | Image pull policy for the container. Default: `Always`                                                                                                                                          | `optional`  |
| `varnish.metricsExporter.resources               ` | [Resource requests and limits](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/#resource-requests-and-limits-of-pod-and-container) for Varnish metrics exporter container. | `optional`  |
| `varnish.admAuth                                 ` | An object that defines custom [kubernetes secret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) to keep a Varnish authentication data to secure communication for `varnishadm` utility. Cluster creates its own if omitted. | `optional`  |
| `varnish.admAuth.secretName                      ` | The name of kubernetes secret which keeps auth data for `varnishadm`.                                                                                                                           | `required`  |
| `varnish.admAuth.key                             ` | The key from kubernetes secret which to use to collect data credentials for `varnishadm`. If the key is omitted, the cluster will use "secret" as the key. If the value associated to the key is empty, the cluster will generate a secret. | `optional`  |
| `varnish.envFrom                                 ` | Injects an env var into the Varnish container from a ConfigMap or Secret. Useful if a value needs to be passed (securely in case of Secret) to the VCL files. So it can be read using [std.getenv()](https://varnish-cache.org/docs/trunk/reference/vmod_std.html#string-getenv-string-name).                                   | `optional`  |
| `varnish.envFrom.configMapRef                    ` | The ConfigMap to select from                                   | `optional`  |
| `varnish.envFrom.configMapRef.name               ` | Name of the ConfigMap | `optional`  |
| `varnish.envFrom.configMapRef.optional           ` | Specify whether the ConfigMap must be defined | `optional`  |
| `varnish.envFrom.prefix                          ` | An optional identifier to prepend to each key. Must be a C_IDENTIFIER | `optional`  |
| `varnish.envFrom.secretRef                       ` | The Secret to select from | `optional`  |
| `varnish.envFrom.secretRef.name                  ` | Name of the Secret | `optional`  |
| `varnish.envFrom.secretRef.optional              ` | Specify whether the Secret must be defined | `optional`  |
| `updateStrategy                                  ` | Allows to control the way Varnish pods will be [updated](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/stateful-application/basic-stateful-set/#updating-statefulsets).                                  | `optional`  |
| `updateStrategy.type                             ` | Defines the type of the update strategy. Default: `OnDelete`                                                                                                                                    | `optional`  |
| `updateStrategy.rollingUpdate                    ` | Used to communicate parameters when type is `RollingUpdate`                                                                                                                                     | `optional`  |
| `updateStrategy.rollingUpdate.partition          ` | Partition indicates the ordinal at which the StatefulSet should be partitioned. Default: 0                                                                                                      | `optional`  |
| `updateStrategy.delayedRollingUpdate             ` | Configuration for `DelayedRollingUpdate` strategy                                                                                                                                               | `optional`  |
| `updateStrategy.delayedRollingUpdate.delaySeconds` | Indicates the wait time between pod reloads during rolling update. Default: 60 seconds                                                                                                          | `required`  |
| `affinity                                        ` | [Affinity](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/#affinity-and-anti-affinity) settings for the pods. It allows you to configure onto which nodes Varnish pods should prefer being scheduled. | `optional`  |
| `tolerations                                     ` | Configuration that defines which node [taints](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/taint-and-toleration/) can the pods tolerate. For example to allow Varnish pods to run on nodes that are marked (tainted) as machines dedicated for in-memory cache | `optional`  |
| `podDisruptionBudget                             ` | [Pod Disruption Budget](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/configure-pdb/#specifying-a-poddisruptionbudget) configuration. Can be used to tell Kubernetes how many pods are required to be up (or allowed to be down) to not cause service disruption | `optional`  |
| `podDisruptionBudget.maxUnavailable              ` | An eviction is allowed if at most `maxUnavailable` pods are unavailable after the eviction, i.e. even in absence of the evicted pod. This is a mutually exclusive setting with `minAvailable`   | `optional`  |
| `podDisruptionBudget.minAvailable                ` | An eviction is allowed if at least `minAvailable` pods will still be available after the eviction, i.e. even in the absence of the evicted pod                                                  | `optional`  |
| `service                                         ` | Varnish service configuration.                                                                                                                                                                  | `required`  |
| `service.port                                    ` | The port number used to expose Varnish pods.                                                                                                                                                    | `required`  |
| `service.metricsExporterPort                     ` | The port that will expose the Prometheus metrics exporter. Default: `9131`                                                                                                                      | `optional`  |
| `backend.selector                                ` | The selector used to identify the backend Pods.                                                                                                                                                 | `optional`  |
| `backend.port                                    ` | The port of the backend pods being cached by Varnish. Can be port name or port number.                                                                                                          | `optional`  |
| `backend.zoneBalancing                           ` | Controls Varnish backend topology aware routing which can assign weights to backends according to their geographical location.                                                                  | `optional`  |
| `backend.zoneBalancing.type                      ` | Varnish backend zone-balancing type. Accepted values: `disabled`, `auto`, `thresholds`                                                                                                          | `optional`  |
| `backend.zoneBalancing.thresholds                ` | Array of thresholds objects to determine condition and respective weights to be assigned to backends: `threshold`, `local` - local backend weight, `remote` - remote backend weight             | `optional`  |
| `monitoring                                      ` | The operator monitoring configuration object                                                                                                                                                    | `optional`  |
| `monitoring.grafanaDashboard                     ` | A dashboard that can be installed along with the operator and used in grafana. Installed as a ConfigMap.                                                                                        | `optional`  |
| `monitoring.grafanaDashboard.enabled             ` | Enable or disable the ConfigMap installation. Default: `false`                                                                                                                                  | `optional`  |
| `monitoring.grafanaDashboard.datasourceName      ` | Name of the Grafana datasource the dashboard should use.                                                                                                                                        | `required`  |
| `monitoring.grafanaDashboard.namespace           ` | Namespace that the ConfigMap with the dashboard should be installed to. Default to the namespace VarnishCluster is installed to                                                                 | `optional`  |
| `monitoring.grafanaDashboard.labels              ` | ConfigMap labels. Can be used to for discovery by grafana. See the `.sidecar.dashboards.label` config parameter of [Grafana chart](https://github.com/helm/charts/tree/master/stable/grafana) for more details. Default: `{ grafana_dashboard: "1" }`  | `optional` |
| `monitoring.prometheusServiceMonitor             ` | The Prometheus ServiceMonitor that is preconfigured to monitors the operator pods.                                                                                                              | `optional`  |
| `monitoring.prometheusServiceMonitor.enabled     ` | Enable or disable ServiceMontitor installation. Default: `false`                                                                                                                                | `optional`  |
| `monitoring.prometheusServiceMonitor.namespace   ` | The namespace the it should be installed to. Default to the namespace VarnishCluster is installed to                                                                                            | `optional`  |
| `monitoring.prometheusServiceMonitor.labels      ` | ServiceMonitor labels that will be used by Prometheus instance to discover this ServiceMonitor.                                                                                                 | `optional`  |
| `logLevel                                        ` | The minimum enabled logging level. Allowed values: `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, `dpanic`, `panic`, `fatal`. Default: `info`                                                                | `optional`  |
| `logFormat                                       ` | Format of the logs. Can be `json` and `console`. Default: `json`                                                                                                                                | `optional`  |

You can also find an example of `VarnishCluster` with detailed comments [here](https://github.com/IBM/varnish-operator/blob/master/config/samples/varnishcluster.yaml).

Commit message:

Make grafana dashboard name unique and create title override (#17)
* Make grafana dashboard name unique and create title override

* Make separate test case for creating varnish cluster with monitoring dashboard title override

docs/varnish-cluster-configuration.md, after:

# VarnishCluster Configuration

| Field                                              | Description                                                                                                                                                                                     | Is Required |
|----------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------|
| `vcl                                             ` | An object that defines the [VCL ConfigMap configuration](vcl-configuration.md)                                                                                                                  | `required`  |
| `vcl.configMapName                               ` | Name of the ConfigMap containing the VCL configuration files                                                                                                                                    | `required`  |
| `vclConfgiMap.entrypointFileName                 ` | The name of the main VCL file                                                                                                                                                                   | `required`  |
| `varnish                                         ` | An object that defines the configuration of a particular Varnish instance being deployed                                                                                                        | `optional`  |
| `varnish.image                                   ` | Path to the Varnish image being used                                                                                                                                                            | `optional`  |
| `varnish.imagePullPolicy                         ` | Image pull policy for the Varnish container. Default: `Always`                                                                                                                                  | `optional`  |
| `varnish.imagePullSecret                         ` | The name of the image pull secret to use to pull container images                                                                                                                               | `optional`  |
| `varnish.restartPolicy                           ` | Restart policy for the containers. Default: `Always`                                                                                                                                            | `optional`  |
| `varnish.args                                    ` | Additional [Varnish daemon arguments](https://varnish-cache.org/docs/trunk/reference/varnishd.html#options)                                                                                     | `optional`  |
| `varnish.resources                               ` | [Resource requests and limits](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/#resource-requests-and-limits-of-pod-and-container) for Varnish container.  | `optional`  |
| `varnish.controller                              ` | An object that defines the configuration of a particular Varnish controller being deployed                                                                                                      | `optional`  |
| `varnish.controller.image                        ` | Path to the Varnish Controller image being used. If not defined uses `varnish.image`+`-controller` suffix. Something like `varnish-controller`                                                  | `optional`  |
| `varnish.controller.imagePullPolicy              ` | Image pull policy for the container. Default: `Always`                                                                                                                                          | `optional`  |
| `varnish.controller.resources                    ` | [Resource requests and limits](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/#resource-requests-and-limits-of-pod-and-container) for Varnish controller container. | `optional`  |
| `varnish.metricsExporter                         ` | An object that defines the configuration of a particular Varnish Prometheus metrics exporter being deployed                                                                                     | `optional`  |
| `varnish.metricsExporter.image                   ` | Path to the Varnish Metrics exporter image being used. If not defined uses `varnish.image`+`-metrics-exporter` suffix. Something like `varnish-metrics-exporter`                                | `optional`  |
| `varnish.metricsExporter.imagePullPolicy         ` | Image pull policy for the container. Default: `Always`                                                                                                                                          | `optional`  |
| `varnish.metricsExporter.resources               ` | [Resource requests and limits](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/#resource-requests-and-limits-of-pod-and-container) for Varnish metrics exporter container. | `optional`  |
| `varnish.admAuth                                 ` | An object that defines custom [kubernetes secret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) to keep a Varnish authentication data to secure communication for `varnishadm` utility. Cluster creates its own if omitted. | `optional`  |
| `varnish.admAuth.secretName                      ` | The name of kubernetes secret which keeps auth data for `varnishadm`.                                                                                                                           | `required`  |
| `varnish.admAuth.key                             ` | The key from kubernetes secret which to use to collect data credentials for `varnishadm`. If the key is omitted, the cluster will use "secret" as the key. If the value associated to the key is empty, the cluster will generate a secret. | `optional`  |
| `varnish.envFrom                                 ` | Injects an env var into the Varnish container from a ConfigMap or Secret. Useful if a value needs to be passed (securely in case of Secret) to the VCL files. So it can be read using [std.getenv()](https://varnish-cache.org/docs/trunk/reference/vmod_std.html#string-getenv-string-name). | `optional`  |
| `varnish.envFrom.configMapRef                    ` | The ConfigMap to select from                                   | `optional`  |
| `varnish.envFrom.configMapRef.name               ` | Name of the ConfigMap | `optional`  |
| `varnish.envFrom.configMapRef.optional           ` | Specify whether the ConfigMap must be defined | `optional`  |
| `varnish.envFrom.prefix                          ` | An optional identifier to prepend to each key. Must be a C_IDENTIFIER | `optional`  |
| `varnish.envFrom.secretRef                       ` | The Secret to select from | `optional`  |
| `varnish.envFrom.secretRef.name                  ` | Name of the Secret | `optional`  |
| `varnish.envFrom.secretRef.optional              ` | Specify whether the Secret must be defined | `optional`  |
| `updateStrategy                                  ` | Allows to control the way Varnish pods will be [updated](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/stateful-application/basic-stateful-set/#updating-statefulsets).                                  | `optional`  |
| `updateStrategy.type                             ` | Defines the type of the update strategy. Default: `OnDelete`                                                                                                                                    | `optional`  |
| `updateStrategy.rollingUpdate                    ` | Used to communicate parameters when type is `RollingUpdate`                                                                                                                                     | `optional`  |
| `updateStrategy.rollingUpdate.partition          ` | Partition indicates the ordinal at which the StatefulSet should be partitioned. Default: 0                                                                                                      | `optional`  |
| `updateStrategy.delayedRollingUpdate             ` | Configuration for `DelayedRollingUpdate` strategy                                                                                                                                               | `optional`  |
| `updateStrategy.delayedRollingUpdate.delaySeconds` | Indicates the wait time between pod reloads during rolling update. Default: 60 seconds                                                                                                          | `required`  |
| `affinity                                        ` | [Affinity](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/#affinity-and-anti-affinity) settings for the pods. It allows you to configure onto which nodes Varnish pods should prefer being scheduled. | `optional`  |
| `tolerations                                     ` | Configuration that defines which node [taints](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/taint-and-toleration/) can the pods tolerate. For example to allow Varnish pods to run on nodes that are marked (tainted) as machines dedicated for in-memory cache | `optional`  |
| `podDisruptionBudget                             ` | [Pod Disruption Budget](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/configure-pdb/#specifying-a-poddisruptionbudget) configuration. Can be used to tell Kubernetes how many pods are required to be up (or allowed to be down) to not cause service disruption | `optional`  |
| `podDisruptionBudget.maxUnavailable              ` | An eviction is allowed if at most `maxUnavailable` pods are unavailable after the eviction, i.e. even in absence of the evicted pod. This is a mutually exclusive setting with `minAvailable`   | `optional`  |
| `podDisruptionBudget.minAvailable                ` | An eviction is allowed if at least `minAvailable` pods will still be available after the eviction, i.e. even in the absence of the evicted pod                                                  | `optional`  |
| `service                                         ` | Varnish service configuration.                                                                                                                                                                  | `required`  |
| `service.port                                    ` | The port number used to expose Varnish pods.                                                                                                                                                    | `required`  |
| `service.metricsExporterPort                     ` | The port that will expose the Prometheus metrics exporter. Default: `9131`                                                                                                                      | `optional`  |
| `backend.selector                                ` | The selector used to identify the backend Pods.                                                                                                                                                 | `optional`  |
| `backend.port                                    ` | The port of the backend pods being cached by Varnish. Can be port name or port number.                                                                                                          | `optional`  |
| `backend.zoneBalancing                           ` | Controls Varnish backend topology aware routing which can assign weights to backends according to their geographical location.                                                                  | `optional`  |
| `backend.zoneBalancing.type                      ` | Varnish backend zone-balancing type. Accepted values: `disabled`, `auto`, `thresholds`                                                                                                          | `optional`  |
| `backend.zoneBalancing.thresholds                ` | Array of thresholds objects to determine condition and respective weights to be assigned to backends: `threshold`, `local` - local backend weight, `remote` - remote backend weight             | `optional`  |
| `monitoring                                      ` | The operator monitoring configuration object                                                                                                                                                    | `optional`  |
| `monitoring.grafanaDashboard                     ` | A dashboard that can be installed along with the operator and used in grafana. Installed as a ConfigMap.                                                                                        | `optional`  |
| `monitoring.grafanaDashboard.enabled             ` | Enable or disable the ConfigMap installation. Default: `false`                                                                                                                                  | `optional`  |
| `monitoring.grafanaDashboard.title               ` | Title of the Grafana dashboard. Default: `Varnish (<cluster name>)`                                                                                                                             | `optional`  |
| `monitoring.grafanaDashboard.datasourceName      ` | Name of the Grafana datasource the dashboard should use.                                                                                                                                        | `required`  |
| `monitoring.grafanaDashboard.namespace           ` | Namespace that the ConfigMap with the dashboard should be installed to. Default to the namespace VarnishCluster is installed to                                                                 | `optional`  |
| `monitoring.grafanaDashboard.labels              ` | ConfigMap labels. Can be used to for discovery by grafana. See the `.sidecar.dashboards.label` config parameter of [Grafana chart](https://github.com/helm/charts/tree/master/stable/grafana) for more details. Default: `{ grafana_dashboard: "1" }`  | `optional` |
| `monitoring.prometheusServiceMonitor             ` | The Prometheus ServiceMonitor that is preconfigured to monitors the operator pods.                                                                                                              | `optional`  |
| `monitoring.prometheusServiceMonitor.enabled     ` | Enable or disable ServiceMontitor installation. Default: `false`                                                                                                                                | `optional`  |
| `monitoring.prometheusServiceMonitor.namespace   ` | The namespace the it should be installed to. Default to the namespace VarnishCluster is installed to                                                                                            | `optional`  |
| `monitoring.prometheusServiceMonitor.labels      ` | ServiceMonitor labels that will be used by Prometheus instance to discover this ServiceMonitor.                                                                                                 | `optional`  |
| `logLevel                                        ` | The minimum enabled logging level. Allowed values: `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, `dpanic`, `panic`, `fatal`. Default: `info`                                                                | `optional`  |
| `logFormat                                       ` | Format of the logs. Can be `json` and `console`. Default: `json`                                                                                                                                | `optional`  |

You can also find an example of `VarnishCluster` with detailed comments [here](https://github.com/IBM/varnish-operator/blob/master/config/samples/varnishcluster.yaml).
